FC-0068 docs: concepts review by edunext 15 (#761)
openedx/docs.openedx.org: source/educators/concepts/communication/moderating_discussions.rst

   about discussion roles, see :ref:`About_discussion_roles`.

.. note:: Not all options for moderating discussions are available when
   discussions are accessed using the Open edX mobile app. For information about

>    the differences between discussions on the openedx.org site and in the mobile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the differences between discussions on the desktop site and in the mobile
```

.. note:: The options for moderating discussions described below are only
   available when members of the discussion administration team work in a web
   browser. The Open edX mobile apps do not currently offer moderation options.

>    For more information about differences between discussions on the openedx.org

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For more information about differences between discussions on the desktop
```
